Southern Gaza is where Israeli forces
told Palestinians living in Northern
Gaza to move for their own safety human
Els reports from
conun more homes destroyed more families
ripped apart by Israeli
bombs followed by the all too familiar
cries for
help at the overstretched
hospital and the desperate fight to save
lives the area was hit by a number of
missiles many were killed and injured
all of them were children all civilians
the entire area was leveled as if it
were an earthquake it is a genocide all
those killed were children innocent
children the entire neighborhood was
reduced to
dust the Gaza Health Ministry says
several Palestinians were killed and
injured in the strike kanun is in the
southern Gaza and housing people
forcibly displaced from the north Israel
has told Palestinians to move South
while it intensifies operations in the
north then it bombs the South again and
again I was coming with my horse I
stopped the horse the aircraft came and
fired something that looked like a belt
in the sky the bombs rained down on us
there was bombardment everywhere they
were not Rockets they were like Barrel
bombs so I kept looking at them I have
two young daughters and this boy
everything collapsed and I couldn't see
anything survivors Salvage what they can
in the hope they may rebuild their homes
one day it's the first time I've seen
such an air strike what is happening I
asked God to take Vengeance on the
United States they killed us inflicted a
knar upon us I asked God to take
Vengeance on the killers of our children
children many Palestinians now say they
rely only on
God they have no faith in the rest of
the world y Al jazer kanun in the
southern Gaza
Strip we're joining me now from Khan
Unice in southern Gaza as manau showman
a Palestinian who lives there menel
thanks once again for joining us here on
El jazer as we saw and heard in that
story and uh before earlier from our
correspondent in hanun we we know that
there have been more bombardments
overnight can you just give us an idea
of what it's been like there in the last
hours yes uh I was walking in downtown
hun yesterday and in front of me in
benis h
inun an air strike belt hit several
houses adjacent to each other just 200
met in front of me I I later learned
about the casualties that have come here
into the
hospital uh a couple of hours ago um
residents close to the the main Cemetery
where we bury our dead here inun told us
that the the the cemetery itself was hit
and the people who are
dead uh even the people who are dead are
are not are not are not at peace anymore
uh I mean graveyards are are are now
tumbled above the ground um since I've
been here for the last five weeks we
have not seen any Aid trucks that have
supposed to have come in from ra uh the
only time we've seen something is a few
U uh pallets of of water bottles which
people uh quickly uh took into the took
uh within two minutes it was finished it
was it was done uh yesterday um I had
met a few doctors who had come from a
sha and from the north who told us about
the extremely devastating situation
there they talked about that the Israeli
Army whoever was walking down during the
socalled humanitarian ceasefire and the
so-called humanitarian Road were either
taken into custody and used as human
Shields during their land Invasion
attemps or all of their belongings were
stolen or they were humiliated or shot
on
many have arrived injured
here I understand that you are a father
and I just want to get a sense of what
it is like for children who are living
through all of this I mean I know it
must be incredibly difficult as an adult
but how do you describe what's going on
to your
children as a father as a husband um uh
I
mean my children there is no difference
between how I feel towards what's
happening with them as the 2.3 million
other Palestinians here and all other
pre members of this world who are going
through
hardships like why the the bad lines
right now the bakeries 95% have closed
whatever Bakery lines are left people
stand for seven to eight hours waiting
for the bread there is no clean water
there is no fuel to run electrical
generators there is no medical supply
there is no replenishment of goods
people here are living in uncertainty in
fear and they are angry and they are
feeling despair however they are
channeling all their emotions into
actions what sort of actions are you
talking
about so mothers try to take care of
their children they try to think of okay
what am I going to cook today if there
are if there is any gas is there any
water for me to shower my
children um the men if they can work any
kind of work they go out during their
day they try to make a few shakles here
and there to try to bring some supplies
back to their
families uh people like myself who has
the ability to communicate to to
channels like Al jazer to try to give
the outside world what is actually
happening to the human beings to the
civilians here try to have people act
politicians act to open the borders to
have a ceasefire to to allow the people
in Raza here to live a little bit of a
normal life after 37 days of genocide
and war crimes by the Zionist
forces man so I know that you along with
hundreds of thousands of other
Palestinians have moved from the north
to the South doing exactly what uh
Israelis uh the Israeli military uh told
you to do but you're still being bombed
where you are now aren't you can you
just explain what that is like to be
displaced internally to somewhere that
you've been told will be safe to go to
but clearly it
isn't um it is uh it is dis it is very
very disappointing but we are not
surprised anymore the Israeli Army have
lied so many times over the past few
weeks that no one here believes them uh
as per the numbers reported by the by
the Ministry of Health 48% of those
killed or injured were in the middle or
South Region which is called the safe
areas designated by the Israeli forces
continuously we hear the spy drones
above us and every few hours where I am
here in N hospital we hear ambulances
come in carrying dead and injured people
here do not feel safe people here do
feel uncertainty all the
time one of the positives that are
happening here in Nas hospital is the
behind me is the maternity W here and
every couple of hours every hour we hear
the good news of a new life a new baby
coming into this world hopefully this
generation the upcoming generation will
live a better life than the generation
that we are living right now Manel we we
really do appreciate you describing what
it is like there uh for for the everyday
person uh M shman uh who is in carun at
the moment thank you